== Rim a super simple ruby project / gem manager

Goal is to have a project managing that just works on many Ruby
versions as possible and is easy to extend. Feel free to dislike it. ;)

=== Use for project management

Minimal Rakefile:
  require 'rim'
  require 'rim/gem'
  # require 'rim/...'

  Rim.setup do
    name 'my_project'
    authors 'me'
    version '1.0.0'
  end

For advanced usage have a look at the Rakefile of rim.


=== Writing an extension

* Extend the class Rim with +attr_accessors+ for new attributes if needed.
* Set default values use +Rim.defaults+.
* Define tasks with +Rim.after_setup+.

A very simple example extension:
  # require other extensions if necessary

  require 'rim/another_extension'

  # Extend the class

  class Rim
    # Attribute for somewhat (default: 42)
    attr_accessor :my_attr
  end

  # Setting default values

  Rim.defaults do
    my_attr 42
  end

  # Stuff to execute after setting the defaults and calling Rim.setup in Rakefile.
  # Usual for defining tasks.

  Rim.after_setup do
    task :my_task => :another_task do
      # stuff
    end
  end

For more examples have a look at the tasks coming with rim in lib/rim/*.rb

=== Similar projects

* https://github.com/seattlerb/hoe
* https://github.com/evan/echoe

=== Credits

[<b>Jim Weirich</b>] For written the great Rake. (Sad that he is already gone.)

[<b>Ryan Davis</b> and <b>Evan Weaver</b>] For their inspirations in Hoe respectively Echoe.

=== License

MIT-style license, see file LICENSE.
